👋 Hi I’m @b9Joker108
👀 I’m interested in Sanskrit, Tibetan, Dharmic Traditions, Bash, Zsh, Semiotics, Linguistics, Runes, divination and Heathenism, amongst other things. I am fascinated by hacker culture. 🌱 I’m currently learning Bash and Zsh scripting in relation to each other on my Android devices. To productively aid in this, I am building an Intranet with Notion, which is my new favorite Android app, though I have come to prefer using the web-app which is a different experience on each browser. In truth, Notion as a learning tool, is a revelation and I endorse it. I am circa 50 years old, and am of the first generation of children who taught themselves computers and computing. That is both a boon and a bane. My first computer was a Commodore 64 and my first programming experience was as a very young child with Commodore BASIC, which didn't exactly whet my appetite for Computer Science. I later learnt GUI windows and icon technology from their point of origin and source, Amiga. The Amiga computer and operating system were rather curious, as you had to use a physical floppy disk, a boot-disk, on start-up. With our Amiga 2000, my brother and I basically played pirated games all the time: we played them through the aid of a dongle, an amazing and mystical little electronic device that had to be plugged into the back of the Amiga in order to atually play the pirated games, a point which **did** pique my interest. I don't know how the dongle worked, but it still makes me wonder! Our favourite game was Marble Madness. The graphics and visual representation and rendering on the Amiga 2000 was just incredible for the time and inspired me greatly. It also inspired my little brother, he became an IT professional. Then, the Internet was not yet available. The digital art application of the Amiga 2000 was powerful and basically, the first non-gaming application I ever used. For the time, it was a purely magestic piece of coding. The digital art app came with a number of pre-installed examples of what you could do with the application. The standout, was the Egyptian death-mask of King Tut, which was so vivid and real you could touch it. As a young teen, I spent too much money and time at a digital arcade playing Elevator Action, at which I was a gun. To enter the arcade, you went through a doorway that was identical to Doctor Who's Tardus. 💞️ My first Internet browser was Netscape and my first search engine was Yahoo! Australia, which I was introduced to, the first time I attempted university, at circa 23 years old. Around then, I had my first Internet hook-up *LOL*. I was a trailblazer! I then registered my first online email account account with Yahoo Australia, which I still use. I am probably one of the very few left with an active Yahoo! Australia email address. The next computer I had was a second-hand Apple Macintosh, around the time I attempted yet another university degree. I don't remember which model the Macintosh was in particular, but I do know it was a few models into the series, the model was ubiquitous and popular. The monitor was in-buit into the terminal and it was rectangular, yet box-like, and it used small rigid re-writable disks, unlike the larger floppy disk of the Amiga. The Macintosh was quite a number of years after the Amiga, but it didn't hold a torch to it. Amiga was truly brilliant if you don't know. I still feel privileged to have had one. My Kung-fu, is not particularly adept, but it is getting stronger, more nimble and agile each and every day, like my practical and experiential knowledge. Before Bash and Zsh, many years ago I flirted with Pascal on my first GNU/Linux device, which was a very small Acer Netbook, which I then favoured due to its extreme ease of portability. Smartphones were not yet evident. I went through quite a few Acer Netbooks. About that time, I discovered IRC. I learnt alot about Bash as a command-line interpreter at this time through the community assistance and mentoring available through IRC. The Netbooks were always on my person: on my back and in my backpack. My first GNU-Linux distribution was Ubuntu and I have tried circa nine others. I have used a number of iterations of Microsoft operating systems as well of those of Apple. I prefer GNU/Linux, the freedom, the power: the power of community and the absence of greed. In my way, through the power of GNU/Linux, I have taught myself the rudimentary elements of more than a few human languages and hack-translated a number of religious dharmic texts for my own curiosity and edification. Being able to import and install, then input, the set of all the human languages of the world, or at least to try, was a once-upon-a-time goal of mine. To do so, was only the province and domain of a GNU/Linux distribution, none of the other operating systems then came close. I wondered at the wonder of Wine, and installed a Himalayan application that transliterated back and forth between Sanskrit Devanagari and Sanskrit IAST. Many years after wrangling with Pascal, after a prolonged period of homelessness, I attempted university for the third time, and did a year of Computer Science, wherein I was introduced to Java 6. I didn't do very well with Java. It was too steep a learning curve, as I had no real networks nor support and was still recovering from homelessness. Most of my younger peers just plagiarised each other's code and had no moral qualms in so doing. Whilst studying Computer Science, I was surprised at how much I enjoyed and came to love, Discrete Mathematics. I had to study and work really hard for the distinction I got, to the detriment of my other subjects. 📫 I am rather excited, as this file will be my first GitHub commit.
  
**b9Joker108**
*Wednesday December 20, 2023*
